1. Before doing any other investigation, list two or three questions that this infographic
and explanation of methodology raise in your mind.

	How were they able to pick specific foods?
	What if people are actually not going through a break up and are just hungry?

2. Where can you find Google Trends search data? Provide the URL.
	
	https://trends.google.com/trends/

3. The article concluded that “milkshakes take the crown as the ultimate breakup food,
topping the list in six states.” Pull up Google Trends data on Milkshake (beverage) and
change the date range to February 1, 2024 through February 28, 2025.

a) What is the highest peak recorded in the line chart for “Interest over time”?
	
	Highest: 100 

b) What is the lowest dip recorded?

	Lowest: 65

4. At the top next to the box for “Milkshake,” there is a plus sign to add another search
term. Click the plus sign to add a search for Hamburger (Food).

a) What is the highest peak recorded for searches using Hamburger? What is the
lowest dip?

	Highest:100
	Lowest:72

b) What happened to the line for Milkshake? What do the high and low look like now?
	It changed. 
	New High Value: 35 
	New Low Value: 23
	

5. Why did the line for Milkshake change? Hint: Click on the icon next to “Interest
over time” for more information about how trend results are displayed.
	
	It changed because google trends shows relative interest and not actual search numbers.

6. Add a third term to your search, this time for Breakup (Topic).

a) Do you see any patterns that suggest a relationship between searches for Breakup
and Hamburger?

	There is no strong correlation.

b) How about between Breakup and Milkshake?
	There is no strong correlation.

7. What does all of this suggest about the reliability of the conclusions reached in the
article?	

	The search interest does not equal actual behavior. There is no correlation between food and break up searches. Results vary on foods chosen.

8. At the upper right of Google Trends, click on the link for “Back to Classic Explore.”
Notice that this view includes a section for “Compared breakdown by subregion.”

a) What was the top state by interest for Milkshake?

	Delaware

b) What was the top state by interest for Hamburger?

	South Dakota


